for those of you don't know what Pepsi
man is you're in for a treat
Pepsi man the world's greatest
non-superhero Pepsi man Pepsi Pepsi man
Pepsi man Pepsi Pepsi man's Pepsi truck
Pepsi man Pepsi truck and what do you do
at the end of a stage for a game called
Pepsi man you you stop and half a Pepsi
just collected 97 Pepsi's why does he
need more Pepsi man Pepsi Pepsi Pepsi
man he shoots Pepsi out of his hands
69 Pepsi sexy Pepsi time Pepsi is trying
to kill me my one true love no Pepsi
Pepsi power Pepsi Pepsi man kept saying
Pepsi Pepsi Pepsi fresh Pepsi man can
PepsiCo giant Pepsi logo Pepsi man we've
been out Pepsi Pepsi man people are
burning but have some Pepsi two k people
watching Pepsi man oh my god guys Pepsi
man oh that's a pretty good mascot or
that's a pretty good motto Pepsi for
tv-game Pepsi Pepsi now Pepsi man hates
hydration I'd believe it Pepsi Pepsi
what Hep C man even Pepsi doesn't like
Pepsi man Pepsi Pepsi is not that
scrawny come on Pepsi man Pepsi man
Pepsi man Pepsi man man no respect for
Pepsi man why was Pepsi man Japanese
only he was Japanese only because he was
just the Japanese mascot for Pepsi there
that's the only reason why that's why we
never got the game Pepsi Pepsi City
I can shoot Pepsi at it Pepsi City holy
shit Pepsi city's on fire okay now Pepsi
literally Pepsi is attacking me
everywhere
Pepsi shortage in Pepsi City will work
for Pepsi Pepsi man just shattered my
fingernail I didn't dip my hand in Pepsi
is Pepsi it fixes everything can Pepsi
fix Pepsi Pepsi man needs to fix Pepsi
City it's the only way Pepsi city's
Pepsi man is Pepsi truck Pepsi man
Pepsi boxes poor person it's dead Pepsi
is killed that poor oh come on really
Pepsi Pepsi man Pepsi man Pepsi's piss
man Pepsi man be a man be a Pepsi man go
home and be a Pepsi man Pepsi man is
magic after all Pepsi man Pepsi man a
Pepsi man Pepsi for claw man I made a
Pepsi I'm not suppose to be on a
treadmill here threading a needle here
the Pepsi needle hole apparently only
real men beat Pepsi man and I don't I
don't know if I'm a real man today we're
gonna find out in a couple minutes
Pepsi man Pepsi Pepsi the future of
Pepsi with hovercars here this seems
like a bad idea Pepsi man Pepsi surfing
Safari Pepsi man Pepsi man
hashtag Pepsi man rested Pepsi who said
that Pepsi Pepsi man Pepsi powerups
Pepsi man Pepsi man Pepsi man you can
say Pepsi City Pepsi world I've stated
Pepsi City John cluster like a fat kid
classic Pepsi
who said that that was great too much
Pepsi to handle Oh Pepsi minigame and
that's Pepsi man that is the most
bizarre superhero game from the Japanese
standpoint on the ps1 Wow such Pepsi
much running everybody Pepsi you heard
the man I think everybody Pepsi was a
better slogan hey everybody we're all
gonna get Pepsi
now I hope you've all learned an
important lesson here today I hope
you've all learned about the dangers of
drinking too much Pepsi because it leads
to things like this
look at how many Pepsi cans he has in
his place holy cow this guy is living
Pepsi he's the real Pepsi man Pepsi is
belch you've heard it here first there's
Pepsi's new model he has no blood only
Pepsi